docs: Docker overrides for CLI arguments, config (#1986)
apollographql/router: docs/source/containerization/docker.mdx

If you wish to override the default configuration, it is important to consider and preserve aspects of the default configuration.  In particular, it is generally important for the Router to bind to the special "listening address" of `0.0.0.0` (i.e., "all interfaces") to ensure the Router is exposed on a the network inferface accessible outside of the local container; without this configuration, the Router will only listen on `localhost`.

You can provide your own configuration from the host environment to the Router by mounting your configuration to `/dist/config/router.yaml`, as follows:

```bash {4}
docker run -p 4000:4000 \
  --env APOLLO_GRAPH_REF="<your graph>" \
  --env APOLLO_KEY="<your key>" \
  --mount "type=bind,source=/home/user/router.yaml,target=/dist/config/router.yaml" \
  --rm \
  ghcr.io/apollographql/router:<image version>
```

> Note: Both local and container paths must be specified as absolute paths.

In this case we are mounting a file from the host system (`/home/user/router.yaml`) in place of the default configuration provided in the image at `/dist/config/router.yaml`.

## Passing command-line arguments to the Router binary

> By default, the `router` command invoked inside the published container does run not set any of the [available command-line arguments](../configuration/overview#command-arguments).  If you want to set any of the available options, pass the desired options at end of the `docker run` command.  For example, to start the Router using the `--dev` argument, you can use the following `docker run` command:

Reviewer: maybe `--log` here is more interesting

> By default, the `router` command invoked inside the published container does run not set any of the [available command-line arguments](../configuration/overview#command-arguments).  If you want to set any of the available options, pass the desired options at end of the `docker run` command.  For example, to start the Router using the `--dev` argument, you can use the following `docker run` command:

Author: Happy to change it to `--log`.  We should definitely document `--dev`, so I opened https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/1988 to define that.

> By default, the `router` command invoked inside the published container does run not set any of the [available command-line arguments](../configuration/overview#command-arguments).  If you want to set any of the available options, pass the desired options at end of the `docker run` command.  For example, to start the Router using the `--dev` argument, you can use the following `docker run` command:

Author: ```suggestion
By default, the `router` command invoked inside the published container does run not set any of the [available command-line arguments](../configuration/overview#command-arguments).  If you want to set any of the available options, pass the desired options at end of the `docker run` command.  For example, to start the Router using the `--log debug` argument, you can use the following `docker run` command:
```

> By default, the `router` command invoked inside the published container does run not set any of the [available command-line arguments](../configuration/overview#command-arguments).  If you want to set any of the available options, pass the desired options at end of the `docker run` command.  For example, to start the Router using the `--dev` argument, you can use the following `docker run` command:

Author: Changed with https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/1986/commits/0955c056eceb2e3cfc8b15320be3836de50f1f12

```bash {5}
docker run -p 4000:4000 \
  --env APOLLO_GRAPH_REF="<your graph>" \
  --env APOLLO_KEY="<your key>" \
  --rm \

>   ghcr.io/apollographql/router:<image version> --dev

Author: ```suggestion
  ghcr.io/apollographql/router:<image version> --log debug
```
